clarify the nginx auth_request_set/set problem with proxy_pass (#454)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/configuration/configuration.md

    end
  }
```

> Alternatively, use `-session-store-type=redis` when expecting sessions / large OIDC tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use `-session-store-type=redis` when expecting large sessions/OIDC tokens (eg with Azure).
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, implemented.
